Update driver docs (#157)
husarion/panther_ros: panther_driver/README.md

### driver_node.py

> Node responsible for communication with motor controllers and computing inverse and forward kinematics of a robot. Commanded velocities are smoothed with acceleration constrains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node responsible for communication with motor controllers and computing inverse and forward kinematics of a robot. Commanded velocities are smoothed with acceleration constraints.
```

- `/cmd_vel` [*geometry_msgs/Twist*]: robot desired control velocity.
- `/panther/hardware/e_stop` [*std_msgs/Bool*]: robot emergency stop state.

> - `/panther/hardware/io_state` [*std_msgs/IOState*]: checks wether robots are powered on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/panther/hardware/io_state` [*panther_msgs/IOState*]: checks whether robots GPIO pins are powered on.
```
